README.md, before:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jszczepankiewicz/HttpProxyLambda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jszczepankiewicz/HttpProxyLambda)

# HTTP proxy for AWS API GW working in REST API mode.

Tested on Python 3.8

## HOWTOS
### HOWTO configure proxy target host and path mapping
Following env variable contains mapping:
PROXY_MAPPINGS
content should be json formatted. Example mapping configuration:
`
{"/abc": "https://superduper.com##path##", "/xyz/fxc": "https://anno.xyz:8080/pipipi##path##"}
`
which means:
if /abc will be invoked than target url will be https://superduper.com/abc

### HOWTO add basic authentication downstream using ENV Variables injection
Function supports providing BASIC HTTP auth credentials using injection through env variables. To inject that please make sure 
following env variables are set:
PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_USER - username
PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_PASS - password

## Unsupported:
- multi-value headers in request (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/lambda-functions.html#multi-value-headers)

Commit message:

Adding support for downstream basic auth configured from secrets manager

README.md, after:

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jszczepankiewicz/HttpProxyLambda.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jszczepankiewicz/HttpProxyLambda)

# HTTP proxy for AWS API GW working in REST API mode.

Tested on Python 3.8

## HOWTOS
### HOWTO configure proxy target host and path mapping
Following env variable contains mapping:
PROXY_MAPPINGS
content should be json formatted. Example mapping configuration:
`
{"/abc": "https://superduper.com##path##", "/xyz/fxc": "https://anno.xyz:8080/pipipi##path##"}
`
which means:
if /abc will be invoked than target url will be https://superduper.com/abc

### HOWTO add basic authentication downstream using ENV Variables injection
Function supports providing BASIC HTTP auth credentials using injection through env variables. To inject that please make sure 
following env variables are set:
PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_USER - username
PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_PASS - password

Function supports reading BASIC HTTP auth credentials through env variables. To inject that please make sure following
env variables are set up:
PROXY_SECRETS_MANAGER_USER - username (plain text)
PROXY_SECRETS_MANAGER_PASS_ARN - the ARN for secrets manager where password is stored

Logic to decide whether BASIC auth should be used and what should be the source of credentials:

1. if PROXY_SECRETS_MANAGER_PLAIN_USER is set -> resolve BASIC AUTH credentials using Secrets Manager (PROXY_SECRETS_MANAGER_NAME)
2. else if PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_USER is set -> resolve BASIC AUTH credentials using plain text env variable (PROXY_BASIC_PLAIN_PASS)
3. else NOT use basic auth
## Unsupported:
- multi-value headers in request (https://docs.aws.amazon.com/elasticloadbalancing/latest/application/lambda-functions.html#multi-value-headers)
